Welcome to this module. As announced in the previous video, this module builds up on the authentication
and axios module in a way that we use the same project,
you can still dive into this module without going through these first
but then of course some things like usage of axios might be new to you. In this module however, I'll
focus on validating user input.
In this vue course, we already have a whole section where we talk about forms, how we can create custom
controls, all these things.
That's all nice
but one thing we haven't really touched on is how you can validate what the user enters, if it is correct,
if it fulfills your requirements. In this module,
I'll show you a third party package which offers such a validation functionality because vue itself
doesn't have it built into it.
So with that, let's start and let's see how we can find out if our users entered the data
we expect to get.